Update DOTNET_EnableDiagnostics setting documentation (#38931)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/tools/dotnet-environment-variables.md

### `DOTNET_EnableDiagnostics`

When set to `0`, disables debugging, profiling, and other diagnostics via the [Diagnostic Port](../diagnostics/diagnostic-port.md) and cannot be overriden by other diagnostics settings. Defaults to 1.

### `DOTNET_EnableDiagnostics_IPC`

> Starting with .NET 8, when set to `0`, disables the [Diagnostic Port](../diagnostics/diagnostic-port.md) and cannot be overriden by other diagnostics settings. Defaults to 1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with .NET 8, when set to `0`, disables the [Diagnostic Port](../diagnostics/diagnostic-port.md) and can't be overridden by other diagnostics settings. Defaults to `1`.
```

### `DOTNET_EnableDiagnostics_Debugger`

> Starting with .NET 8, when set to `0`, disables debugging and cannot be overriden by other diagnostics settings. Defaults to 1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with .NET 8, when set to `0`, disables debugging and can't be overridden by other diagnostics settings. Defaults to `1`.
```

### `DOTNET_EnableDiagnostics_Profiler`

> Starting with .NET 8, when set to `0`, disables profiling and cannot be overriden by other diagnostics settings. Defaults to 1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with .NET 8, when set to `0`, disables profiling and can't be overridden by other diagnostics settings. Defaults to `1`.
```
